welcome everyone to the canal for the boom with you
dredge kun and today i will be you
show such a wonderful thing
encyclopedia marvel in russian from
Eksmo publishing house I have it as you can see
sealed, I have not even unpacked
I'll do it all with you now
very hard guys and she is pretty
so thick and even already seen from here
that the paper in us is just gorgeous
here we are located on top of a superhero
Marvelovsky below supervillains here in n1
data favorite marvel skih general
It turned out great here sideways
wolverine which is very even in the subject
bottom loki imposed everything looks like this
this is the circulation of this encyclopedia
I know I need to look inside
but seemingly not very big and how
people who know this here told me
Russian edition is better than it
American than English because in
Western versions of this here it is
peeled off over time because
many pages hard and it opened and
it seems like in the Russian version of this
no very well very tightly glued
I don't know if it's true or not, but he is a man
who understands the comics I
bought told me so let's
unpack watch these honestly even
I do not know how it will look like I do not
watched other anboxing on youtube
I did not see the photos on the Internet therefore
I am very interested in a book such guys
rough enough in some places then
there is generally very well done to me
like that is, here it is for example
Where
see here is a hand magnet here is very
very cool
in very such
cool interesting stuff here it is
immediately meets
guys on paper on just amazing
so a circulation of 3,000 copies yes guys this
not very much and there will be a reprint
the gear will be only in the summer that's all
content
you can guys pause si
I hope you will be interested
you can see everything here should be written about
all absolutely all Marvel's heroes
compilers and who made this cycle
again the performance of the legendary man
Stan
and now about this character
like the abomination of some translations this
muck absorb il then here somehow i'm not
very famous villains go immediately 1
altron so that's done a series of alpha well
all static goes all in alphabetical order
needless so easier to navigate i
guys all pages or will not stand
I will apocalypse here on the article with something
He reminded me of my Darkseid
and here and specifically here on this from arte
larch guys will not show that
you see that a lot of them it is well
probably take an hour and we will all
consider each therefore I will and
the eldest
we will see with you so much
Of course such a thing is best flipping
hate one in real life to buy and
enjoy if you are a girl you are watching
this video you do not know what to give
your boyfriend is the best
option is the best gift for fans
comic book and if you don't have a vital cycle
sing this but you see that everything
wonderful
just be sure to buy
obligatory mast hev I really like
defenders defenders illustration one of
most powerful teams of superheroes most
strange
next to dracula by the way did not know what
marvel universe have a dracula widow
electro just awesome thing hope
that I have all this time
I will read naturally
enjoy every builder because
not enjoy it may be impossible
just wonderful
the page here is already 220 pages and this
only half that is here page on
500 if not more and guys repeat that
the paper is excellent in quality
glossy did not save everything on the level
I do not know what about the translation, that is
for example, I'm used to the fact that
one of hulky 's most important enemies
muck
here it is a measure with a dream and I do n't know either
which translation is more accurate
just read and judge like that
translation level but I think the translation
good after picking on me
the element here is the spiderman on it will
neither yes no page by itself one
of the best heroes
she is in second place in first
batman would very much like to be published at
Russian of the same encyclopedia
Only about heroes disi then will
just great in us
Wonderful hit your pet
superb thing guys and in the collection
will look very decent too
yang x-men young ladies nex-7
and here's an index something
that is all that is here stated to see that
very much then everything is marvel universe
just have trezeta as always wear
thanks here
just like at the beginning of a spoon to us
such is the encyclopedia marvel
I repeat once again that she will be very
look worthy of your collection if
you have not bought, you must take
see for yourself that everything is very wonderful I
I give the book data 10 points out of 10
but that's all I'm with you on this
say goodbye subscribe to the channel
come in if you're here for the first time also
visit my channel on it a lot of the same
here are cool interesting pieces and not only
but also until new videos